Alice was sitting with her sister by the river and her sister was reading a book. Alice had
nothing to do. Once or twice she looked into her sister's book.
And what is a book for, thought Alice? Without pictures or conversations. Suddenly, a white
rabbit with pink eyes ran by. There was nothing strange about that. She heard the rabbit say,
oh dear, oh dear, I'll be late. And she did not think it was strange. Then the rabbit took a
watch out of its pocket and looked at it. A rabbit with a pocket and a watch. Alice got up and ran
across the field after it. She saw it go down a large rabbit hole in the ground. Then Alice went
down after it, but never thought about how she was going to get out again. She found that she was
falling down a very, very deep hole. It was too dark for her to see anything. She was falling for a
long time. While she was falling, she was thinking about her cat, Diner. Suddenly, she landed on some dry leaves.